README.md, before:

# Frontend Design Assignment

## Instructions

1. **Create Your Repository:**

   - Click on the "Use this template" button at the top of this repository to create your own repository from this template.
2. **Clone Your Repository:**

   - Clone your repository to your local machine:
     ```bash
     git clone https://YOUR-GIT-HOST/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY-NAME.git
     ```
3. **Implement the Design:**

   - Replicate the provided Figma design using the frontend framework of your choice.
4. **Push Your Changes:**

   - Push your changes to your GitHub repository:
     ```bash
     git add .
     git commit -m "Initial implementation"
     git push origin main
     ```
5. **Submit Your Repository Link:**

   - Submit the link to your repository using this form - https://forms.gle/WLBJwweKuHDUAZc29

## Figma Design

https://www.figma.com/design/mW0qBuALhYrajea8Z3duQx/Frontend-Assessment?t=MwBjkomL7PkRErb2-1

## Requirements

- Use any frontend framework you are comfortable with (React, Angular, Vue, etc.)
- Write clean, maintainable, and self-documented code.

## Evaluation Criteria

- Design match percentage.
- Attention to detail.
- Code quality.
- Performance.

There is no expectation but you will catch our eye amongst the pool of candidates if you go above and beyond in any manner (e.g. responsive design, live demo link, setup documentation, etc.)

Commit message:

Added note for sharing repository access

README.md, after:

# Frontend Design Assignment

## Instructions

1. **Create Your Repository:**

   - Click on the "Use this template" button at the top of this repository to create your own repository from this template.
2. **Clone Your Repository:**

   - Clone your repository to your local machine:
     ```bash
     git clone https://YOUR-GIT-HOST/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY-NAME.git
     ```
3. **Implement the Design:**

   - Replicate the provided Figma design using the frontend framework of your choice.
4. **Push Your Changes:**

   - Push your changes to your GitHub repository:
     ```bash
     git add .
     git commit -m "Initial implementation"
     git push origin main
     ```
5. **Submit Your Repository Link:**

   - Submit the link to your repository using this form - https://forms.gle/WLBJwweKuHDUAZc29
   - **Ensure that you either keep the repository public or give read access to vansh@sarvan.eu. Else, your submission will not be accepted.**

## Figma Design

https://www.figma.com/design/mW0qBuALhYrajea8Z3duQx/Frontend-Assessment?t=MwBjkomL7PkRErb2-1

## Requirements

- Use any frontend framework you are comfortable with (React, Angular, Vue, etc.)
- Write clean, maintainable, and self-documented code.

## Evaluation Criteria

- Design match percentage.
- Attention to detail.
- Code quality.
- Performance.

There is no expectation but you will catch our eye amongst the pool of candidates if you go above and beyond in any manner (e.g. responsive design, live demo link, setup documentation, etc.)
